[DROOLS-6786] Handle the case where a class is not found in JSONMarsh… (#4124)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/shared-kie-docs/src/main/asciidoc/KieServer/kie-server-system-properties-ref.adoc

|`false`
|While using JSON marshalling, if the property is set to `true`, it will always return a response in the proper JSON format. For example, if the original response contains only a single number, then the response is wrapped in a JSON format. For example, *{"value" : 1}*.

|`org.kie.server.json.customObjectDeserializerCNFEBehavior`
|`IGNORE`, `WARN`, `EXCEPTION`
|`IGNORE`

> |While using JSON unmarshalling, when a class in a payload is not found, the behavior can be changed by the property. If the property is set to `IGNORE`, the payload is converted to a HashMap. If the property is set to `WARN`, the payload is converted to a HashMap and a warning is logged. If the property is set to `EXCEPTION`, {KIE_SERVER} throws an Exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|While using JSON unmarshalling, when a class in a payload is not found, the behavior can be changed using this property as follows:

* If the property is set to `IGNORE`, the payload is converted to a HashMap
* If the property is set to `WARN`, the payload is converted to a HashMap and a warning is logged
* If the property is set to `EXCEPTION`, {KIE_SERVER} throws an exception
```
